So, guys, now let's discuss the algorithm, all the steps involved in parent matching.
So to start with, let us take this as the input, a string as an example and this base with Burton
as an example for demonstration, we already know that this input string do not match against this base,
but pattern.
So to start with for a given base pattern, we need to compute two things.
The first thing is called masks, and the second thing is called template.
So in order to compute mask from the base pattern, we need to follow two rules replace all the bits
to be masked by one and replace altogether bits by zero.
So here you can see that all the bits which needs to be masked to be replaced by one.
So here are the bits to be masked.
Is this one and the last bit?
So write it down like this and the don't care bits needs to be replaced by zero.
All right.
So this is the mask value that we have got.
The second thing that we need to compute is the template.
And in order to compute template, we need to follow only one rule.
And the rule is that that in the best bit pattern, replace all the tone curves by zero.
So the template value that we get is one zero zero one.
Let's take one more example.
Suppose this is the base bit paradigm, and we need to compute mask and template from this base, but
pattern.
So mask value can be obtained by applying these tools taps on this base pattern.
So you will find that the mask value that is opt in is the following bit pattern replace all the bits,
which needs a match by one and replace all the don't care bits by zero.
Similarly, you can compute template from this base, but padam and the template will come out to be
the following bit pattern replace all the don't care bits by zero as simple as that.
All right.
So from a given based pattern, you need to compare two things the mask and the template.
Once you computed the mask and the template, then you need to apply this algorithm.
Whatever input pattern you receive.
All you need to match, perform and operation with the mask and whatever result you got, it should
be equal to the template.
If this condition is satisfied and the pattern is masked, otherwise the pattern is not masked.
I leave it as an exercise for you to apply this algorithm or this condition on these to input the string
and try to match these input the string against this particular bit pattern.
And you will find that the first input, the string matches that as the second input, the string do
not matches.
So that is not much to discuss any further in this, but pattern matching concept.